Why was it difficult to choose a career?
Most of my family have a university degree.
Some are lawyers, engineers, accountants, and so on.
So they expected me to go to university as well.
They told me, we don't have a doctor in the family yet.
We think you should study medicine.
When I was 16, I was about to leave high school.
Many of my schoolmates were planning to study at university
and would say things like, I want to go to this school.
Which one are you going to?
I felt a lot of pressure to get a higher education.
My teachers told me that I needed to continue my studies
if I really wanted to make money.
I wanted to be a teacher, but there was so much pressure
from my family to study something that would allow me to have a higher salary.
There were times when I felt overwhelmed because of the pressure.
Even after I graduated from high school,
a teacher contacted me to make sure that I was planning to go to university.
And in his words, actually become someone in this world.
I started a six-year psychology degree at university.
And at the same time, I was studying for a teacher certificate on the weekends.
And on top of all of that, I was working part-time.
I was trying to do everything.
What helped you make a good decision?
I spoke with my mom about what I should do.
She helped me to think about some of the dangers I would be exposed to at university.
Things that could endanger me in a spiritual sense.
After about two years, it became clear that I couldn't continue with such a busy routine.
I needed to make a change.
I remembered some advice I got from a friend.
He had studied to become an accountant when he was young,
but now he sells chilies.
He jokingly said, so now I'm counting chilies.
So I guess you could say that it is what I studied.
He explained that many people end up in jobs that have nothing to do with their university degree.
Philippians 110 helped me.
It says that we should make sure of the more important things.
I knew that finding a job was important,
but it was more important that I had time for Jehovah.
I've always loved Jehovah's promise at Matthew 633.
Where he says that he will make sure we have what we need
if we keep seeking for seeking to mend his righteousness.
I had already seen this promise come true in my life,
so I trusted that Jehovah would continue to provide for me.
I knew that if I studied at university,
I would be losing valuable time during my youth,
time that I could be using for Jehovah.
Sometimes we have many different options in front of us,
or we know that we need to adjust our course.
That's when looking to Bible principles can help us to choose the right path.
My father has a barber shop,
and he offered to teach me how to be a barber.
My parents told me,
people will always need a haircut.
So even though I knew I wouldn't be making millions as a barber,
it was work that would always be in demand.
I decided to leave university halfway through my degree
and look for part-time teaching work.
During that time, I prayed so much,
asking Jehovah to bless my decision.
What benefits have come from your decisions?
I'm my own boss.
I work in a barber shop and also travel to people's homes
and give them haircuts.
I have the freedom to decide the days and hours that I work.
Jehovah answered my prayers.
I was able to find part-time work teaching at a school,
which allows me to be in full-time service,
along with my husband.
Because of the flexibility I have with my work,
I enjoy opportunities to participate in construction projects for the organization.
I've seen clearly that by focusing on what's most important,
Jehovah has blessed me.
I continue to see the fulfillment of Matthew 633 in my life.
Jehovah has always provided what I needed.